Hello strange, my name is Mateo García, but U can call me Cotbert.
In the complex task of try to undested what means "whoami" let me tell you a little about me.


I found myself in the IT world when I was 15 years old, when I started to learn about programming and technology.
I started at 2020 pandmeic, when I was in high school, and I started to learn about programming with Java, then i fell in love with different branches of development.
I go through desktop applications, web development, mobile applications, embedded systems and then I found another passion: cybersecurity.
I started developing malware and pentesting, I found my first vulnerability when I was 16.
My porpouse is to learn as much as I can about technology and programming, and to be able to share that knowledge with others.
I am a passionate developer, always looking for new challenges and opportunities to grow.



Experience:
- I have teached programming to high school students into the "Unidad Educativa Don Bosco"
- I have worked as a freelance developer, creating applications for different necessities or even contributing to open source community.
- I have published free mobile applications on the Play Store like "Visual Morse"
- I have worked as a fullstack web developer, into AtiJaguar LTDA, enrolling in some projects for companies like "Municipo de Quito" and "Ministerio del Ambiente" (july 2022 - present)

Las condiciones contemporaneas de la vida no son llevaderas a largo, la tecnologia es una herramienta que nos permite progresar sin eemabrgo la liberatad bajo la misma se ve envuelta por contaminacion y acceso solo a aquellos que tiene recursos bajo el sesgo material.
Mi objetivo de vida es cambiar al a mundo aportando desde lo minimo con la intencion de lograr un cambio significativo en la vida de las personas. Asi mismo como el respeto a la vida animal y la consientizacion de la reproducción, siguiendo los principios del Objetivismo propuestos por Ayn Rand.

The current conditions of life are not bearable in the long run, technology is a tool that allows us to progress, however, freedom under it is surrounded by pollution and access only to those who have resources under the material bias.
My life goal is to change the world by contributing from the minimum with the intention of achieving a significant change in people's lives. Likewise, respect for animal life and awareness of reproduction, following the principles of Objectivism proposed by Ayn Rand.


